[DOCS] Clarify exception reason for TYPO3 9.5 (#86)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Exceptions: Documentation/Exceptions/1278450972.rst

We had a whitespace at the beginning of the filename of the file containing
the class.

> When switching over from working with TYPO3 10+ back to TYPO3 9.5, remember that you have to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When switching over from working with TYPO3 v10+ back to TYPO3 v9.5, remember that you have to
```

> specify the fully qualified name for parameters, as opposed to TYPO3 10+ where you can import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify the fully qualified name for parameters, as opposed to TYPO3 v10+ where you can import
```
